you've caught me right in the middle of
making a really scrummy recipe I'm
making butternut squash soup but if
you've ever made this before this recipe
has a difference a secret ingredient
which I'll reveal at the very end in my
pan I've got a nice large onion that
I've just chopped up and that's being
sautéed away in some coconut oil I've
got about three cloves of garlic that I
minced up nice simmering away in there
too
I've got about well now I have I've got
two butternut squashes here but I have
disassembled from their skins it's very
easy to roast butternut squash you just
prick it all over with a fork stick it
in the oven at about 400 degrees for
about 45 minutes and then you let it
cool
peel off the flesh scoop out the seeds
and then chop it up and there you have
it so I'm just gonna pop my two
butternut squash no next to me and I've
got about let's say about four cups of
chicken stock here hear it sizzling Oh
lovely in has a little bit of extra
liquid if you want to but I really like
my butternut squash thick so this is all
that it could I'm going to add to it and
then we're just going to basically leave
this just simmer for about 20 minutes
and then we'll come back and add this
pretty ingredient and finish off our
soup okay so our soup has been bubbling
away for 20 minutes or so and now it is
secret ingredient I'm as I promised now
you may think that this is a very
strange ingredient to go with butternut
squash soup but it's coconut milk it's a
fantastic addition to the soup
I love butternut squash soup before I
discover coconut milk but with it oh
it's fabulous addictive stuff so I've
got about three cups here of coconut
milk this is organic whole coconut milk
none of that light stuff the whole
coconut so I'll just pour that in and
I'm going to whizz my soup up
nice and smooth okay great so that's all
nicely whizzed up now and just so you
can see what this fabulous looks like
I'm going to put a little bit in a bowl
for you Oh smells divine you can add all
your own seasonings to this like adding
pepper and salt to taste and there we've
got it
our beautiful delicious soup which I
know that you are absolutely love